README.md, before:

# My bash setup with a fancyprompt & ~/bin directory
My personal bash setup using a .bash_aliases file and accompanying ~/bin directory that includes a fun fancyprompt and space for other future useful command line scripts.

I hope this helps someone.

MIT License.

Enjoy.

## NOTE TO MYSELF: Clone Into a Non-Empty Home Directory
Non-destructively clone the repo into a non-empty home directory on an Ubuntu/Debian server with the following commands.

Log into server as user. Change to the user's non-empty home directory with:
```
cd ~
```

_*IMPORTANT:*_ Rename a possible pre-existing home `~/bin` directory to `~/binBACKUP` with:
```
mv ~/bin ~/binBACKUP
```

Initialize an empty git repo inside the home directory:
```
git init
```

Add the remote origin to the newly created git initialization:
```
git remote add origin https://github.com/scottnunemacher/bash-setup-with-bin.git
```

Fetch the newest data from the repo (this dosen't move any new files into home yet, just gets the data about the files to be moved into the home directory):
```
git fetch
```

The next command WILL move/clone data (actually just catches up the home directory with the repos remote origin/master current branch). The repo's .gitignore file will prevent tracking anything in the home directory and will only track repo files and anything added inside the new `~/bin` directory. See for yourself the .gitignore file in the repo to understand.
```
git checkout -t origin/master
```

Done.

> Cloning into a non-empty directory...
>
> amiright?!

Commit message:

Explain locally how to stop tracking certain files

README.md, after:

# My bash setup with a fancyprompt & ~/bin directory
My personal bash setup using a .bash_aliases file and accompanying ~/bin directory that includes a fun fancyprompt and space for other future useful command line scripts.

I hope this helps someone.

MIT License.

Enjoy.

## NOTE TO MYSELF: Clone Into a Non-Empty Home Directory
Non-destructively clone the repo into a non-empty home directory on an Ubuntu/Debian server with the following commands.

Log into server as user. Change to the user's non-empty home directory with:
```
cd ~
```

_*IMPORTANT:*_ Rename a possible pre-existing home `~/bin` directory to `~/binBACKUP` with:
```
mv ~/bin ~/binBACKUP
```

Initialize an empty git repo inside the home directory:
```
git init
```

Add the remote origin to the newly created git initialization:
```
git remote add origin https://github.com/scottnunemacher/bash-setup-with-bin.git
```

Fetch the newest data from the repo (this dosen't move any new files into home yet, just gets the data about the files to be moved into the home directory):
```
git fetch
```

The next command WILL move/clone data (actually just catches up the home directory with the repos remote origin/master current branch). The repo's .gitignore file will prevent tracking anything in the home directory and will only track repo files and anything added inside the new `~/bin` directory. See for yourself the .gitignore file in the repo to understand.
```
git checkout -t origin/master
```

You are now up to date with 'origin/master'.

Want to delete the LICENSE and README.md from your home folder and stop (local only)tracking them cuz... don't care about them? Fine, just run: 
```
git update-index --assume-unchanged LICENSE README.md
```

Then delete the LICENSE and README.md from the home folder. No future (local only) tracking will take place of LICENSE and README.md. Peace.

Change your mind and want to track LICENSE and README.md again? Fine, just run the following which will remove your local custom changes and reset to origin/master:
```
git reset --hard origin/master
```

Done.

> Cloning into a non-empty directory...
>
> amiright?!
